Miss, you have to call the shots for us.
Lin Niannian parting is to hate us for playing tricks on him
Find excuses to get revenge on us
What qualifications does Lin Niannian have to serve as the director of the design department?
You ask me what qualifications I have to be the director of the design department
Then I'll show you
Inform all department heads and directors immediately
Meeting room
A meeting is a meeting
I'd like to see what tricks I can play
I will teach you today.
It's because someone thinks I'm not qualified to serve
The position of design director
I don't know what you think.
We naturally dare not question Mr. Ye's order
But Mr. Ye also said
It's because the eldest lady is recuperating
Just let you wait for the position of director of the design department
Now the eldest lady has recovered from her injuries
Love and Reason
You should be the director of design
Donate to Miss
Yu Li, my position is Mr. Ye's own people
remnant
Luoxue Qing is not Mr. Ye's biological daughter